=Documentation=

==Prerequisites==

 * This addin only works with sites which use the XML-RPC plugin.
 * This addin was developed in .NET 2.0.
 * Visual Studio 2005 or 2008.

==Installation==

 * Go download VSTrac.
 * Extract it you your My Documents\Visual Studio 200x\Addins folder.
 * Done.

==Uninstallation==

 * Delete all the files from the \Addins folder.
 * Remove the key CURRENT_USER\Software\VSTrac from the registry (or you can leave it and the settings will be available the next time you install)
 * When you start Visual Studio, if you click on Trac Explorer it should ask you whether you want to remove the menu item.

==Some Notes==

On Vista the directory is [USERNAME]\Documents\Visual Studio 200x\Addins.
The 200x is either 2005 or 2008 depending on which version you have installer.
If the Addins folder does not exist you can just create it yourself.

==Usage==

Access the Trac Explorer from the View menu.
You can add a new trac server from the Trac Explorer. Just click on the toolbar button.
For the server DO NOT add the /login/xmlrpc part. So you would just put in http://vstrac.devjavu.com/. (Url must end in / see #23)
When you expand a server node in the tree, it will download the wiki pages and attributes. From here you can:
Add a ticket query by right-clicking on the Tickets node. See http://trac.edgewall.org/wiki/TracQuery#QueryLanguage for more details.
Open a ticket query by double-clicking on it.
Open a wiki page by double clicking on it.
From within the Ticket Window you can open a ticket by double clicking on it.
There is a lot more development happening and new features should be coming pretty quickly. Please feel free to add any suggestions or bugs reports as a ticket.